[Music]
flipping out across this room of the
great businesses the teams the leaders
innovators creators and entrepreneurs I
am truly humbled to private art retail
weeks and awards tonight play in the
truly great ongoing story of British
retail there's so much diversity going
on and reads out there's so much new
success coming on see that being
recognized that this such an event is AB
secret one of the biggest events in the
retail Culloden it's the celebration
wall that is great about British
retailing and indeed we are a nation of
retailers our hands really important
that everybody celebrates the best of
the British it's recognizing the talent
it's recognizing the great innovation
you know the skill in our industry and
importantly if putting those guys up on
the pedestal to say you know this is
what good looks like acutely vibrant
industry everybody in retail is here and
I'm sitting the whole reason I come it's
a great chance to catch up with a lot of
the people in the industry that I don't
often get to meet so great chance to
finish up with people that I've worked
with in the past and of course it's a
fun event to be at so I'm really looking
forward
[Music]
it's just amazing to have one is the
inspired award I am so passionate about
supporting women not only in my own
business but within the whole retail
industry so to be recognized for all the
work I've done is it's just brilliant I
think it's such a prestigious award that
and everyone knows about I think and
everyone talks about and I think
especially for I am all the notation
it's just it's amazing thing to even be
here tonight is the one to win isn't it
you know so everybody's out there
everybody we know and it's really great
recognition this kind of gives us a
little bit of clarity and vision about
you know what we're doing in store is
correct for the customer well I think
the retail Week awards are set apart
from the rest because it is so focused
on this amazing industry so it's a real
privilege to wear it order them these
awards are different because everyone is
here everybody amasses in retail all
year old make all your own knockers
every partner in matters every
competitor your matters turns out to be
this is the events beer it's amazing
because we feel quite humbled for JD to
achieve this again resting composition
is that just a really retail industry is
so important 3 million jobs huge part to
play especially post precedence and
we're proudly here with the other
leaders being recognized that they're
not that different I special I think all
the innovation that powers in the room
is really inspirational
we award to win in retail pickle Retail
Week award
you
[Music]